[Music]
Very good my dear Lovers of the
heart it turns out that Cayetano Rivera has
made some very
interesting statements about his brother this
controversy began when Francisco
Rivera called his brother clumsy and weak
and not only that but he also added
that he is a good bullfighter but the bulls really get to him
in response to these words from the elder
Rivera Cayetano tried to play
it down with a smile and downplay the
importance we already know how Fran is I'm
not clumsy but the bulls get you and
when they get you they hurt zanj last
November 13th Cayetano and Fran Rivera
met again at a public event in
Seville The Brothers attended the event
Flamenco Es Universal an event
prior to the Latin gramil that are being
held in the capital of Seville this
week a magnificent place to celebrate
something as important to us
as flamenco I'm sure that people are
going to enjoy it a lot Cayetano is
proud that his niece Tana Rivera
was one of the organizers of the
event and revealed that she was the person who had
invited him Tana invited me and
For that reason I am here tonight and I
speak with pride of the young  we are
all delighted he is very responsible behind
these words El Torero has
spoken out about the latest
statements by his brother Fran making it
clear that despite the controversies they do not have a
bad relationship so many things are said that
one cannot be aware of everything and he
revealed how he felt when he was
called clumsy and lazy something that
Fran himself explained at the same event
making light of the matter my brother
occasionally has those strokes of genius
To put it that way but he says it with
affection and I have not interpreted it in the
least as something bad it is nonsense that should
not be paid much attention to and I
certainly have not given it any and well
family I will be reading your
opinions in the comments leave your
like and subscribe to always be up to
date with all the news of the heart I
send you all a huge hug
ah